All right, we're dealing with a bit of a mess
in our cart.js file.
We have this user component, which is a query,
that queries the current user.
Inside of that we have a mutation which exposes
the mutation to toggle the cart open and close,
and then we also have a query
that's gonna grab our local state.
This is not a uncommon thing
that you're gonna stumble across
in your queries and mutations,
where you're gonna have three, four,
five, a couple of them inside of it,
and it gets to be pretty hairy
with all of the actual component itself.
And then you have the arrow function,
and generally have some sorta de-structuring inside of that.
And you just nest them forever.
So this makes me really anxious,
because you have nest of content in it forever,
and it gets really hard to read.
We're gonna look at using something called react-adopt,
which is gonna compose all of our render prop functions
into a single composed function,
or a single composed component,
that will expose me, toggleCart mutation,
and the local data that we need here.
So we're gonna go up to the top of our cart.js,
and we're going to import a named import called adopt,
and that comes from a package called react-adopt.
And that is specifically made for dealing
with this render prop mess that we found ourself in here.
Then we're gonna go here
and we're gonna make a new component called Composed.
So const Composed, as you can do adopt.
And adopt is going to take an object
of all of the things we'd like to compose into each other.
So first we want to compose the user component,
so let's say user.
And that is going to be equal to a user component.
So you just tell it that,
then we want to also give ourselves a toggleCart,
which is going to be equal to,
let's just grab this mutation here.
And let's self close.
These self closing one are going to give us an issue,
we'll come back and fix that in just a second.
And then the final one would be a localState.
So we'll call it localState,
and that is going to be equal to this query right here.
Good.
Now what we need to do,
oops, that's gotta close itself.
And delete that.
So now what we need to do is go ahead and,
let's actually swap out the user
with the Composed component.
So we have Composed there,
and we close the Composed here.
Now this is where it gets a little bit hairy.
The payload that we're going to take,
let's remove this,
is going to be just one object
and we can de-structure it into user,
toggleCart, and localState.
If you really wanted to,
you could further de-structure the user into data,
and then into me,
however I find that a little bit hard to read.
So what I'll do here is I'll just simply say
const me is equal to user.data.me.
And that needs to go above our check.
Then we need to go ahead and remove
this toggle cart mutation in the open,
so go ahead and delete that.
And then go down to the closing mutation,
and the corresponding closing function, and delete that.
Then what that did is it is going to expose
this toggleCart to us right here.
It's still called toggleCart, I think that'll still work.
And then the third one is this localState query.
So we're gonna go to this query here,
in this opening, delete it.
Find our closing query in the closing brackets, delete that.
And then the only thing that we need to change here
is this open is set to data.cartOpen.
We need to set that to localState.data.cartOpen.
Now if everything has worked properly,
we should be able to go here.
And everything should still work just fine.
Opens and closes just fine.
Our query of our current user is working just fine,
and our local data is working just fine.
So everything works,
but we get these three warnings
that are showing up in our console here.
It says failed prop type,
the prop children is marked as required in user,
mutation, and query, but we passed it undefined.
And that's because we actually haven't provided any children
to these components here.
So I don't really like that this happens,
because I wish that you could just turn those arrows off,
because it works just fine.
However the way around it is we simply provide
a little arrow function here that returns a user,
and you simply de-structure the render function,
and then return a open and a close user.
Which puts the render function as a child.
And that will stop it complaining for one of 'em,
and we'll do that for the other one.
So arrow function, de-structure the render.
Then provide open and a close mutation.
And pass in a render.
And then finally you can do it for localState.
Give it a hard refresh, everything is lookin' good,
same thing works exactly as always.
We are getting some eslint errors
depending on what your eslint setup is,
but what I do for something like that
is I just do a little eslint-disable.
And then turn it back on.
And everything is in good shape.
So, that is how you do it.
This is much nicer,
because the payload allows us to de-structure
those three render prop components
into a single composed render prop component.
And then this is much easier to read,
because we just inject it all at the top level.
So keep that handy,
you'll probably need it a lot throughout your projects.